Update configuration.md (#144)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/configuration.md

By default, RKE2 will launch with the values present in the YAML file located at `/etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml`.

:::note

> The RKE2 config file needs to be created manually. You can do that by running `touch /etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml` as a privileged user. Also, RKE2 systemd service needs to be restarted after adding the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RKE2 config file needs to be created manually. You can do that by running `touch /etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml` as a privileged user. If the configuration is changed after starting RKE2, the service must be restarted to apply the new configuration.
```
